README.md, before:

# Resonite Issues
Issue repository for Resonite. Please log any bug reports, or feature requests here using the appropriate template.

# Security
To report a exploit, or vulnerability in Resonite **DO NOT POST HERE**, please open a ticket at https://support.resonite.com/ with the "Support - Report a Security Issue" template.

# Best practices for bug reporting
**Pleasure ensure the following requirements are met** for any bug reports submitted to this repository:
- **Try to search for existing issues** describing your problem before creating a new one (if an issue already exists for what you wish to report, please add to the existing issue instead)
- **Provide a link** (public folder or world) to content that replicates the issue (ensure replication worlds have their metadata set to allow access from anyone)
- **Try to troubleshoot** and isolate the problem first before reporting it (e.g. if it is a complex ProtoFlux creation try to identify the specific node/node group that is not behaving as expected- strip down as much as possible from the item/world while still producing the bug)
- **Provide a clean log file** from replicating the issue (**DO NOT USE MODS**, launch the client, load the replication item/world, replicate the issue, and exit)
- **Report which version** of the app the problem was first observed on, as well as other relevant information (your OS, hardware, etc. as specified in the issue template)

**FAILURE TO MEET THE ABOVE REQUIREMENTS WILL LIKELY RESULT IN THE ISSUE GOING UNADDRESSED/BEING CLOSED IF SUFFICIENT INFORMATION IS NOT PROVIDED IN A REASONABLE TIMEFRAME**

**Thank you for your reports, and feedback.**

Commit message:

Add note to best practice session ensuring users use latest version

README.md, after:

# Resonite Issues
Issue repository for Resonite. Please log any bug reports, or feature requests here using the appropriate template.

# Security
To report a exploit, or vulnerability in Resonite **DO NOT POST HERE**, please open a ticket at https://support.resonite.com/ with the "Support - Report a Security Issue" template.

# Best practices for bug reporting
**Pleasure ensure the following requirements are met** for any bug reports submitted to this repository:
- **Use the most recent version of Resonite** when replicating your issues (this helps ensure that issues are still relevant and replicable)
- **Try to search for existing issues** describing your problem before creating a new one (if an issue already exists for what you wish to report, please add to the existing issue instead)
- **Provide a link** (public folder or world) to content that replicates the issue (ensure replication worlds have their metadata set to allow access from anyone)
- **Try to troubleshoot** and isolate the problem first before reporting it (e.g. if it is a complex ProtoFlux creation try to identify the specific node/node group that is not behaving as expected- strip down as much as possible from the item/world while still producing the bug)
- **Provide a clean log file** from replicating the issue (**DO NOT USE MODS**, launch the client, load the replication item/world, replicate the issue, and exit)
- **Report which version** of the app the problem was first observed on, as well as other relevant information (your OS, hardware, etc. as specified in the issue template)

**FAILURE TO MEET THE ABOVE REQUIREMENTS WILL LIKELY RESULT IN THE ISSUE GOING UNADDRESSED/BEING CLOSED IF SUFFICIENT INFORMATION IS NOT PROVIDED IN A REASONABLE TIMEFRAME**

**Thank you for your reports, and feedback.**
